add known issue about high cpu usage (#729)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-4-1-to-v1-4-2.md

Related issues:
  - [[BUG] v1.4.0 -> v1.4.1-rc1 upgrade stuck in Pre-drained and the node stay in Cordoned](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7366)
  - [[IMPROVEMENT] Cleanup orphaned volume runtime resources if the resources already deleted](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/6764)

> ### 2. High CPU usage on the Harvester
> 
> After upgrading to v1.4.2, the Harvester may experience high CPU usage. This issue is caused by the `backup-target` setting. In Harvester v1.4.2, we introduced a new field `refreshIntervalInSeconds`. If it's empty or 0, the Harvester will keep refreshing the backup target, which causes high CPU usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. High CPU Usage

High CPU usage may occur after an upgrade because of the `backup-target` setting's `refreshIntervalInSeconds` field, which was introduced in v1.4.2. If the field is left empty or is set to 0, Harvester constantly refreshes the backup target, resulting in high CPU usage.
```

![](/img/v1.4/image/high-cpu-load-issue.png)

To fix this, please update `refreshIntervalInSeconds` to a bigger value, like 60.

```

> '{"type":"nfs","endpoint":"nfs://longhorn-test-nfs-svc.default:/opt/backupstore"}'

Reviewer 2: Should we include the `"refreshIntervalInSeconds"` k/v pair in this example?

Author: Yes, updated it. Thanks.

> To fix this, please update `refreshIntervalInSeconds` to a bigger value, like 60. You can also do this before upgrade to avoid the issue. You can use `kubectl edit setting backup-target` to update the setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix the issue, update the value of `refreshIntervalInSeconds` to a larger number (for example, 60) using the command `kubectl edit setting backup-target`. You can also update the value before starting the upgrade to prevent the issue from occurring.

Example:
```

> ```

Author: Updated it.
